Add info smart contact size limitations and diamond pattern (#3957)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/index.md

There are ways to get around this using [oracles](/developers/docs/oracles/).

> Smart contracts are also limited to 24kb but, this can be avoided by using [The Diamond Pattern](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2535).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another limitation of smart contracts is the maximum contract size. A smart contract can be a maximum of 24KB or it will run out of gas. This can be circumnavigated by using [The Diamond Pattern](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2535).
```
